1. For deployment we need to download heroku cli first from this link https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli

2. After installation will check heroku is installed in our system do open 'Anaconda prompt' or 'Terminal' and just type 'heroku' in there for confirmation.

3. Then we need to create account in heroku, type 'heroku login' in Anaconda prompt or in your terminal. You'll get an option like below:
    heroku: Press any key to open up the browser to login or q to exit
	
	press any key, then it redirect you to your browser. In the browser, if you haven't created account in heroku, create that first. You' have to verify from your mail-id, if its done
	then again type 'heroku login' in Anaconda prompt or in your terminal. Then again it redirect you to browser with the message 'Logged in'.
	
3.  After this 'Logged in' message, open a new tab and go to this link 'https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps'. On the right hand side you'll get 'New' button for creating new app.
     select new app.
	 
	 Add your app name in their like 'review ineuron' and keep the region as 'United states' . Then hit create app. Now you'll get the commands how to deploy your app in heroku.
	 
4. Create new env with this command 'conda create -n test python=3.7'

5. Now we can see in the page first two steps we have done already, we installed heroku cli and created our accounts also. Now moving on to third step.
    
	a). First move our path where our project is available. like my project is in reviewFlask folder then i write below command in terminal.
	     cd /Desktop/rev/HerokuFlaskDemo/reviewFlask
		 
	b} Now we initialize our git with this command 'git init'
	c). Then we check the status of git with this command 'git status'. to check the status of the git.
	d). Then type this command for add our heroku app repository, 'heroku git:remote -a rev-ineuron'.
	e). Now we're adding our local files in git with this command 'git add .' (i.e we have a dot after git add, don't forget to add dot in that command)
    f)  Now we commit our repository from this command, git commit -am "first-commit"
	
	Note: If we get any message like to add 'git config --global user.email "someexample@mail.com" and git config --global user.name "username".
	         Then we need to add our github mail-id like this 'git config --global user.email "ramkumar@gmail.com" and then add github username too like below command
			  
			  git config --global user.name "ram123"
			  
6. Then We push our code in heroku with this command  'git push heroku master', it'll get deployed in heroku( it'll take some time in deployment).

7. After deployment is done. We get a deployed link at bottom, we just need to copy that link and paste in browser.
  
  
